easiest ways to connect with the team members good you are all sure and
they are listed or see what's the the easiest way is is to stand watch
with them you're going to be in a rotation picked out by either
your forehead or because you watch all Sir it's got this then that
watch ask questions see with this to understand what the personnel are
doing and what their mission is he is respected watch stay yeah what
is the lesser of the watch the what is the agent also belongs to
one side to watch also what does the missile control you need to have
your stand your watch you're gonna stand them day in day out that's
the easiest way to perspective and figure out what we could do that
yeah but if you just go to sleep or more watches for for waffle watch
or don't pay attention to the log that will be mailed and the personnel
will not want to set a walk